Now, let's go ahead and do the configuration.
This demo will show you how to configure the
development environment in both ways, by setting up JARs as external libraries,
as well as using the Maven pom.xml.
If you are configuring using the first method,
which is downloading and setting up the JARs as external libraries,
go to Apache POI website, poi.apache.org,
and then to the Download page.
You will be able to see the latest available release like this.
If you click on it,
it will take you to the place where you can download the package.
Let's go ahead and download the binaries.
Click on the ZIP file over here.
Then, click on this link to download it from the suggested mirror site.
The download should start soon.
Once it's downloaded, unzip it,
and you should see a bunch of JAR files like this.
Now, open up your Java project in the ID.
Right‑click on the project.
Open Module Settings, click on Libraries,
click on the plus mark over here, select Java.
Now, browse to the JAR files that you downloaded.
Add them one by one.
And finally, click Apply and OK.
Now, when you expand External Libraries,
you can see that the JARs are added to the project.
Now, let's see how to set up using the pom.xml.
This is the Maven project that we've been working with before.
You can get it from the exercise files of this module.
Open the pom.xml, and add this dependency.
Specify the version here.
I'm giving 4.1.2,
which is the latest version at the time of recording this course.
You should specify whatever the latest available version number here.
Now, when you load Maven changes,
it's going to automatically download the dependencies for you.
And when you expand the Libraries folder, you can see the JARs added like this.
Now you're all set to start working with Microsoft Office documents in the next module.